Terms of Service
================

Last update: 19.11.2024
----------------------

Welcome! A subset of PVVers who cares about Dibbler (“we,” “our,” or “us”) provides a experimental payment service
through our Internet presence (collectively the “Services”). Before using our
Services, please read the Terms of Service (the “Terms” or the “Agreement”)
carefully.

Overview
--------

This section provides a brief summary of the highlights of this
Agreement. Please note that when you accept this Agreement, you are accepting
all of the terms and conditions and not just this section. We and possibly
other third parties provide Internet services which interact with the Taler
Wallet’s self-hosted personal payment application. When using the Taler Wallet
to interact with our Services, you are agreeing to our Terms, so please read
carefully.

Research
----------

This is research, any dibbler credits sent to the dibbler account could be lost at any time.
We would make an effort to send the credits back to their canonical owners, but this may be difficult.
We make no guarantees on the state of this. The dibbler economy is totally unsecured, and so are these services!
Usage is wholly on your own risk.

Highlights:
-----------

* You are responsible for keeping the data in your Taler Wallet at all times under your control. Any losses arising from you not being in control of your private information are your problem.

* For our Services, we may charge transaction fees. The specific fee structure is provided based on the Taler protocol and should be shown to you when you withdraw electronic coins using a Taler Wallet. You agree and understand that the Taler protocol allows for the fee structure to change.

* You agree to not intentionally overwhelm our systems with requests and follow responsible disclosure if you find security issues in our services.

* We cannot be held accountable for our Services not being available due to circumstances beyond our control. If we modify or terminate our services, we will try to give you the opportunity to recover your funds. However, given the experimental state of the Services today, this may not be possible. You are strongly advised to limit your use of the Service to small-scale experiments expecting total loss of all funds.

These terms outline approved uses of our Services. The Services and these
Terms are still at an experimental stage. If you have any questions or
comments related to this Agreement, please send us a message on IRC, or on our Matrix server.
If you do not agree to this Agreement, you must not use our Services.

How you accept this policy
--------------------------

By sending funds to us (to top-up your Taler Wallet), you acknowledge that you
have read, understood, and agreed to these Terms. We reserve the right to
change these Terms at any time. If you disagree with the change, we may in the
future offer you with an easy option to recover your unspent funds. However,
in the current experimental period you acknowledge that this feature is not
yet available, resulting in your funds being lost unless you accept the new
Terms. If you continue to use our Services other than to recover your unspent
funds, your continued use of our Services following any such change will
signify your acceptance to be bound by the then current Terms. Please check
the effective date above to determine if there have been any changes since you
have last reviewed these Terms.

Services
--------

We will try to transfer funds that we hold in escrow for our users to any
legal recipient to the best of our ability and within the limitations of the
law and our implementation. However, the Services offered today are highly
experimental and the set of recipients of funds is severely restricted. The
Taler Wallet can be loaded by exchanging ordinary dibbler credit for electronic
coins. We are providing this exchange service. Once your Taler Wallet is
loaded with electronic coins they can be spent for purchases if the seller is
accepting Taler as a means of payment. We are not guaranteeing that any seller
is accepting Taler at all or a particular seller. The seller or recipient of
deposits of electronic coins must specify the target account, as per the
design of the Taler protocol. They are responsible for following the protocol
and specifying the correct dibbler account, and are solely liable for any losses
that may arise from specifying the wrong account. We will allow the government
to link wire transfers to the underlying contract hash. It is the
responsibility of recipients to preserve the full contracts and to pay
whatever taxes and charges may be applicable. Technical issues may lead to
situations where we are unable to make transfers at all or lead to incorrect
transfers that cannot be reversed. We will only refuse to execute transfers if
the transfers are prohibited by a competent legal authority and we are ordered
to do so.

When using our Services, you agree to not take any action that intentionally
imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure. If you find security
problems in our Services, you agree to first report them to
security@taler-systems.com and grant us the right to publish your report. We
warrant that we will ourselves publicly disclose any issues reported within 3
months, and that we will not prosecute anyone reporting security issues if
they did not exploit the issue beyond a proof-of-concept, and followed the
above responsible disclosure practice.

Fees
----

You agree to pay the fees for exchanges and withdrawals completed via the
Taler Wallet ("Fees") as defined by us, which we may change from time to
time.


Copyrights and trademarks
-------------------------

The Taler Wallet is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License
(GNU GPL). You have the right to access, use, and share the Taler Wallet, in
modified or unmodified form. However, the GPL is a strong copyleft license,
which means that any derivative works must be distributed under the same
license terms as the original software. If you have any questions, you should
review the GNU GPL’s full terms and conditions on the GNU GPL Licenses page 
(https://www.gnu.org/licenses/). “Taler” itself is a trademark
of Taler Systems SA. You are welcome to use the name in relation to processing
payments based on the Taler protocol, assuming your use is compatible with an
official release from the GNU Project that is not older than two years.



Discontinuance of services and Force majeure
--------------------------------------------

We may, in our sole discretion and without cost to you, with or without prior
notice, and at any time, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently,
any portion of our Services. We will use the Taler protocol’s provisions to
notify Wallets if our Services are to be discontinued. It is your
responsibility to ensure that the Taler Wallet is online at least once every
three months to observe these notifications. We shall not be held responsible
or liable for any loss of funds in the event that we discontinue or depreciate
the Services and your Taler Wallet fails to transfer out the coins within a
three months notification period.

We shall not be held liable for any delays, failure in performance, or
interruptions of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or
condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to: any
delay or failure due to any act of God, act of civil or military authorities,
act of terrorism, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute, fire,
interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider
services, failure of equipment and/or software, other catastrophe, or any
other occurrence which is beyond our reasonable control and shall not affect
the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Questions or comments
---------------------

We welcome comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions. Please send us a
message via the usual communication channels at PVV
